refactor(protocol-designer): 8.6.3 release notes refinement (#20036)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: protocol-designer/release-notes.md

**Welcome to Protocol Designer 8.6.3!**

> This hotfix release addresses issues when uploading protocols containing custom labware and viewing the step details of consolidate steps with irregular labware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hotfix release addresses two bugs:

- Protocol Designer no longer crashes when uploading protocols containing custom labware.
- Protocol Designer allows scrolling to view details of a transfer step using a "consolidate" pipette path. 
```

Reviewer: I decided to match the second one to what users see in PD when creating the step: under a transfer step, they choose "consolidate" under "pipette path"
